all right so today we're going to talk
about um practice and history
action you know how we go from that
level as we talk about last time
structuralism
and up to the level of talking about
things that people actually do
because remember on structuralism
there's a distinction being long and
parole
the real object of linguistics is to
understand language not particular acts
of speech
in a similar way livingston has proposed
that real objective anthropology is to
want not to understand any particular
statement
but
that
shared capacity for meaning a given
culture that makes it possible for
someone to understand a statement
someone
to witness a ritual and get whatever it
is they're supposed to be getting out of
it out of it
so
that exists outside of time in a certain
sense or it has to be imaginative
outside of time
now
as we've seen i assume yeah last term uh
structural functionalism
[Music]
also had its problems of time and change
right um
traditionally
especially anthropology british
anthropology had a tendency to look at
what they called the geralt political
domain uh essentially things that always
happened the same
they defined politics as succession to
high office as sort of dynastic cycles
basically things that repeat
so it's not really history at all and so
far as history is a historian changed
unique events that transform people's
lives
they were really interesting interested
in the way that things don't change and
that makes a lot of sense considering
the colonial context in which these
things happen where they wanted you know
colonial officials of rural governments
wanted anthropologists above all
tell them what the
cultural principles underlying local
political and judicial forums were these
under systems of indirect rule those
things were supposed to
maintain themselves in a timeless
equilibrium so we could say okay these
people are the newer what is the newer
law like well the code newer law and
have newer authorities enforcement
so actual historical events which
fundamentally change things
were under colonial regimes illegal you
know if you tried to meet the former
political party they could arrest you
and frequently did um
so the side effect of that was very
paradoxical in a way because on the one
hand
people like private brown
um
someone else can say well we're
scientists we're trying to understand
things that are predictable quantifiable
you know that we could write down little
charts and diagrams and say that we
understand how the system works uh this
is a social science